feat: v3.4 aip (#745)
aave-dao/aave-proposals-v3: src/20250610_Multi_UpgradeAaveInstancesToV34/UpgradeAaveInstancesToV34.md

---
title: "Upgrade Aave instances to v3.4"
author: "BGD Labs @bgdlabs"
discussions: "https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-bgd-aave-v3-4/21572/21"
snapshot: "https://snapshot.box/#/s:aavedao.eth/proposal/0xbbdd44ff07184dc17b9215414f5bb747a48c19e699c7505df35a7e1ca54e9da6"
---

## Simple Summary

> Upgrade the Aave contracts across all networks to the v3.4 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade the Aave v3 Protocol across all networks from v3.3 to v3.4.
```
